c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\TravelAgency.WebUI.dll.config
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\TravelAgency.WebUI.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\TravelAgency.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\obj\Debug\TravelAgency.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\obj\Debug\TravelAgency.WebUI.dll
c:\users\lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\obj\Debug\TravelAgency.WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\Lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\TravelAgency.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Lilia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TravelAgency\TravelAgency.WebUI\bin\TravelAgency.Domain.pdb
